Document restrictions of Privileged Containers (#738)
cirruslabs/cirrus-ci-docs: docs/guide/linux.md

  accel_check_script: emulator -accel-check
```

!!! warning "Limitations of KVM-enabled Containers"

>     Because of the additional virtualization layer, it takes about a minute to acquire necessary resources to start such tasks.
>     KVM-enabled Containers are backed by dedicated VMs which imply restriction on amount of CPU resources such tasks can use: cpu value
>     should be integer, either 1 or an even number. One can not use `0.5` or `3` CPUs for KVM-enabled Containers 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Because of the additional virtualization layer, it takes about a minute to acquire the necessary resources to start such tasks.
    KVM-enabled containers are backed by dedicated VMs which restrict the amount of CPU resources such tasks can use: the value of `cpu`
    must be `1` or an even integer. Values like `0.5` or `3` are not supported for KVM-enabled containers 
```

Wording. Hope this helps. Thanks for the super fast response!
